# PUI2018_em3932/HW4_em3932

In Part 1 of this homework, I visually demonstrated the Central Limit Theorem in a data-driven way. I generated 100 samples of varying sizes from each of 5 different distributions (Normal, Poisson, Binomial, Chi-Squared, Exponential). Each of the samples had the sample mean = population mean. I graphed the sample means against sample size to see visually that the sample mean converges to the population mean as sample size increases. I also plotted the sample means for each distribution as a histogram to see that the distribution of the means is normally distributed. Finally, I plotted all of the sample means (from the 5 distributions) together in a histogram to again see that the sample means are normally distributed and converge to the population mean, illustrating the Central Limit Theorem. 

In Part 2 of this homework, I found CitiBike data online in CSV format. I formulated an idea based on this data (a question I wanted to answer). I then formulated a null hypothesis and an alternative hypothesis both in written and mathematical formats. I also set a significance level for which to reject or fail to reject the null hypothesis. I used pandas to read in the data, mangled it (reduced the number columns to use only the columns I needed) and plotted distributions of the data to help test my null hypothesis and answer the question I originally posed about the data. 

In Part 3 of this homework, I calculated the z-statistic for a sample set of data. I formulated a null hypothesis and an alternative hypothesis both in written and mathematical formats. I also set a significance level for which to reject or fail to reject the null hypothesis. I read data into my notebook from a file and processed the data so that I could calculate its statistics (mean and sample size). I used the formula provided to calculate the z-statistic. I then made a decision whether to reject the null hypothesis or fail to reject the null hypothesis based on a comparison of the calculated z-statistic to the significance level I set at the beginning of the exercise. 

I worked on this homework by myself. 